Alright team, let's kick off the Project Phoenix sync. Gupta, product side se kya updates hain?
Hi everyone. So, the launch is slightly delayed. We are pushing it to next Wednesday. Security audit clear nahi hua abhi tak.
Because of this, we need to inform the external marketing agency, Ogilvy, so they pause the ad campaigns.
Kavya, can you please email Ogilvy today and let them know about the revised Wednesday launch date?
Haan, I will draft the email to Ogilvy and send it before lunch. No problem.
Moving to tech updates... Prabal, what is the status of the backend API? Kal load testing fail ho rahi thi.
Yeah, maine subah logs check kiye. The database queries on the user-profile table are taking too long. Indexing gayab hai usme.
It's a critical fix. Main ek ticket create karta hoon for adding DB indexes and I'll deploy the fix today.
Okay, please prioritize that. Ashish, frontend pe kya bacha hai? The payment gateway integration is done?
Mostly done. But Gupta mentioned yesterday that the checkout button copy needs to change from 'Submit' to 'Pay Now'.
Yes, the design team requested that. Can you push that update to the web-frontend repository?
Theek hai. I will log an issue in GitHub for the checkout button text and raise a PR by evening.
Awesome. Shubham, QA status? UAT start ho gaya kya?
Main staging pe testing start kar raha hoon, but Prabal, mujhe admin dashboard ke test credentials chahiye. Mere purane passwords expire ho gaye hain.
Ah, my bad. Main abhi DB issue debug kar raha hoon. Can you just ping me on Teams after 2 PM? Main generate karke de dunga.
Done. I'll drop you a message at 2 PM for the admin credentials.
Guys, ek important cheez miss ho rahi hai. Project Phoenix release notes kaun update kar raha hai on the internal Wiki?
We need all the v2 feature documentation completed before the launch otherwise support team ko kuch nahi pata hoga.
Oh right. The release notes are super important. We definitely need to document the v2 features.
Haan, otherwise customer success waale humari jaan kha jayenge.
Agreed. Let's ensure that gets done. Anything else pending?
Actually, I need to look into the new Figma mockups for the user dashboard redesign. I'll review them tomorrow.
Cool. Chalo, let's wrap this up. Thanks everyone!